What did Sijing Chen take away from Jin Hufu?
You trash
You didn't know he put a gun to my head
I have to.
Will you stand up for me this time?
Stirling
Sooner or later I will let you die on the street
Brother Jingchen
Miss Zhou
Haven't you already got what you want?
Why are you still following us?
I want to be with Brother Jian Chen
That Miss Zhou
I heard that the Golden Tiger Talisman is one of the royal treasures of Western medicine
It turned out to have been in the dragon shadow position
Why are you so interested in this?
My grandfather told me
The god of war retired because he lost his treasure
So I want to help him find these three treasures
So he can return to the Dragon Shadow position
I can be with him
I have never seen the god of war
Why do you have to marry him?
Who said I haven't seen it?
I was trapped on the battlefield
His gentle eyes
I will never forget it.
Then I swore
I must marry him for the rest of my life
Your eyes.
Like him